 There was a delightful planet called "Underpanty World" where everybody wore only Underpants.
 There was a hero named Mister Underpants.
 He was born when the planet was breaking and crushing and all that stuff.
 And then he was slinged by he's underwear into the sky because he wanted to jump at the vilian, but he missed.
 He missed and flew to earth.
 Then he met the bad guy, who was actually another rocket, but aliens had transformed it into a Rocketbot.
 Rocketbot flew to earth because he saw a comet and he did not know what it was.
 He thought it was a wishing star,so he could make a wish, but it was the super hero: Mister Underpants.
 And Mister Underpants thought he wanted to fight him because he was the super villain and then then was the big, big fight.
 First rocket board was sending lots of nuclear fision bombs and rockets, but Mr. Underpants ,has taken his underwear like a slingshot and shot it back.
 The rocket board was losing the battle, and Mr. Underpants relaxed, but then Rocketbot made a big nuclear fision bomb.
 The big bomb was auto aimed and it almost got in Mr. Underpants, but then he hid it in the bushes, and the rocket couldn't find him, then Mr. Underpants jumped out of the bush and got behind the Rocketbot.
 And the bomb killed Rocketbot itself.
 But wait, if you thought the adventure was over, you haven't read nothing yet, because there is the next chapter for you, for you, Mr. Underpants and the team.
 Chapter 2, Mr. Underpants and the team.
 By the way, the rocket was gone, he saw lots of kids who had friends.
 So Mr. Underpants he wanted to go to one store, and then he made friends with Captain Underpants and officer Underpants.
 So they went on a adventure to find if there are more villains in the town, they searched,and searched, finally, they went to a laboratory, and found out that there is a genius threat inventer.
 His name was Roti,he had a very black beard, big, big, evil eyes, and he had gray skin, heh heh heh heh he said.
 They found out that Roti wanted to build a robot, like a worm, what can crawl through the city, bomb down buildings, and when they are all underground,then he can do stuff like steal money from the banks. And then the robot will always eat the buildings and banks and stuff: his name is Wobot
 Chapter 3, big fight.
 Mr. Underpants and Captain Underpants made an Underwear slingshot, so Officer Underpants could jump on the top of, then Officer Underpants made an underwear storm.
 And with officer underpants'es psychokinetic powers,he takes Wobot and punched him in the ground, so  he was totally crushed and coupled.
 But then the robot tries to eat them and bites his tail, and then eat himself fully.
